Hello friends...
This is Brajesh Kumar Thakur 
Junion react developer 
date: 08.10.2022 

==> hIGHTLIGHTS:-

    1. API in Blog
    2. Delte and put api in Admin page
    3. password protected admin page without Backend
    4. Full Responsive website

==> ABOUT PROJECT:-

    This is a Portfolio website of myself.. 
    
    1. Navigation :- Navigation folder has 2 file first for js and second for css.. 
                    in this part we have a home, about , contact, blog, resume and login Navlink button...

    2. Home :- Home page also containt 2 file, first for js and another on for css..
                In Home part we have my name intro image my social media link

    3. About :- About page also content 2 files, first for js and another one for css
                in 'About' part content my work details like python box ,react box and Wordpress box details..

    4. contact :- contact Page has a contact me form with containt 4 input box and a 
                 submit button, Then my email and phone details

    5. Blog :-  Blog page containt my own blogs. Blogs are written in 'db.json' file
                 as a API and in blog   
                page these blog are patched with get method of API. Each blog has a Heading , a Image , contant and a read more button. All blogs are in card 

    6. Resume:- Resume menu is a button which has my cv.. when you click on resume my 
                cv will display you

    7. Sign In:- Sign In/Admin page is for edit my blog with api like delete blog 
                with delete api, post blog 
                with post api and Most important it is password protected and password working logic is password save in state and when password== inputbox (onChange mehtod) ? <Admin/> : Incorrect password

    8. Footer:- Fotter page/Component has Quick links Like Navigation Quick link Home,
                about and contact then My contact details in Contact Me on: Then Quick Message me part then Your feedback Part then search box and copyright text

    9. Login :- Login Component shown admin page befaore SignIn and asking for 
                password to login


                THAT IS MY WEBSITE AND MY A SPECAIL PROJECT AS A BEGAINER 